Welcome back.
In this lesson it's going to be up to you to add timestamps for our location messages.
So over here in the browser if I send my location it is indeed going to work.
The problem is that what we're going to get back is just the link.
We want to make sure to include a timestamp here as well.
Now I have a series of challenged comments outlining what I'd like you to do and I'm going to go ahead
and paste those right here below my templates.
Right here the goal is to add timestamps for those location messages.
Step one you want to create a new function called generate location message in the messages file alongside
of the one we created for our standard messages.
Now the new function should return an object in the following format.
We're gonna have U.R.L. with the actual U.R.L. instead of the text string and we'll still have created
at storing a timestamp.
So it's similar to what we have for the standard message though slightly different.
We're gonna have the U.R.L. passed in and added to the object instead.
Next up you want to use generated location.
That should be generate location message when the server emits the location message event.
So when the server is emitting that event right now it's just sending back the U.R.L. we want to make
sure in a past that you well through our function.
So it ends up emitting an object.
Then on the client we want to update the template to show the time just before it shows that you are
real.
And finally we need to make sure that we adjust the event listener for on location message ensuring
that it passes in the correct data.
When compiling the template it needs to provide the U.R.L. and the time which now both exist on the
object and you're going to want to go ahead and format that time like we did with our other messages
last up.
Test your work if everything's working well you should see a timestamp showing up just before the link.
Exactly like we're seeing up above the principles here are identical to what we did in the last video.
So feel free to use that code as a reference.
Take some time to get this done and when you're done come back and click play
how that go.
Hopefully you were able to get that done without too much trouble.
There was quite a few different files to touch you had to edit all four.
So let's go ahead and get started.
First up over in messages will end up creating a new function const generate location message.
This is going to take in the EU RL And right here we're going to set up an arrow function that returns
the object we'll have the u are L property like we had up above with text and then we'll set up created
at new date then get time.
Perfect.
So with this in place we can go ahead and export the function down below that is generate location message
and once it's exported we're ready to move on to index downtown J.
S. and make sure this function is actually used.
So before we use it right here up top we want to go ahead and load it in.
So I'm going to load in generate location message and down below we'll actually use the function.
So right here this is the U.R.L. we want to provide.
I'm gonna cut it out of its current location then I'm going to call generate location message and I'll
go ahead and pass it right in now one thing you'll notice is that we've created this function and it
technically could also calculate the static parts of the U.R.L. as well.
That wasn't part of the challenge but if you did go that route that is perfectly fine as well.
There are a lot of different ways we could structure this.
The important thing at this point though is that when the server omits that location message it is sending
back an object.
Now that means over in chat dot J S we have to anticipate that object because currently we were looking
for just a string.
A You are real.
So right here what I'm gonna do is call the U R L something different like message then down below as
the value for the U R L property.
I will grab message dot you are l like we were doing before so we're still providing the same value
we're now just getting it off of the object from here we can also bring the data into the mix so we
are going to want to render that in the template which means in index dot HDMI all we have to put it
somewhere in our template which is this one right here.
And as mentioned I just wanted you to put it right before the link so I'll add these same sort of structure
we had up above that would be the date created at followed by a hyphen followed by the link.
Now we can go ahead and make sure that created and gets provided when we render that template.
So right here created and we are going to use moment to format message dot created at.
And I'll go ahead and use that same pattern.
So right here that is format followed by h colon m m space a.
Excellent.
Now that we have this in place we're ready to move on to Step Five which is to just test our work so
we're generating an object on the server sending back the timestamp and we're taking advantage of that
time stamp on the client.
The only other thing we have to alter is our console log call right here.
Right here we are trying to log out U.R.L. which no longer exists.
I'll just continue to log out the message object so we can see exactly what we're getting back over
in the browser.
We just need to give things a refresh.
We can see our timestamp showing up.
I'm going to go ahead and share my location and right here I'm getting a timestamp along with that link
down below I can see the object I'm getting back it has both of those properties which is great.
And if I click the link it should open up a new tab pulling up my location in Google Maps and there
we go.
So now that we have this in place we have a really good system for working with time in our chat application.
Now in this case we're formatting it in this format.
If you wanted to include other parts of the times such as the month day of the month or the year you're
more than welcome to do that as well.
This is just the setup that I'm going to use going forward.
With this in place we're ready to continue on to the next lesson and what we're going to focus on is
getting some styles in place for the chat application taking it from looking like this to looking like
something you'd actually want to use.
I'm excited to get to that.
So let's jump in to the next lesson.